Wow these days smartphones do almost
everything for us but that doesn't mean
we know about all they have to offer
buckle up because we're about to find
out some fun tips and tricks together
when traveling set a currency conversion
chart as a lock screen for quick access
this will help you to calculate your
transactions cover your phone's
microphone to improve the audio
recording this trick will filter out the
background noise and keep a focus on the
main audio source if your charger cord
is too long
wrap it around a thick pen and use a
blow dryer at low heat to give it a
spiral shape place your sunglasses in
front of your camera lens to take better
photos in the Sun it'll reduce glare
charge your phone faster by switching on
airplane mode and don't use it while
charging you can fix a damaged charger
using the spring from a retractable pen
open up the spring a little then wind it
round the cable just below the Chargers
head run a regular school eraser
smoothly along your screen to remove
fingerprints and smudges when you go
swimming pop your smartphone in a
ziplock bag to keep it protected not
just from water but also from sand and
chemicals grab a photo of your car when
you're parked in a huge parking lot to
remember where you park yeah I get lost
too to avoid the annoying please enter
your e-mail address message on web sites
safe it as a keyboard shortcut
this will make logging in easier if
there's no charging port at a hotel
check the back of the TV most of them
have ports that your charger can connect
up to
to avoid holding your phone to look at a
map while driving attach a hair tie or a
rubber band through the AC vent then run
your phone through it or you can
download a navigation app with a dark
interface and display it on your car's
windshield at night these apps reflect
off the glass in front of you to avoid
draining your phone's battery on maps
look up the route beforehand and take
multiple screenshots of your trip
correct series pronunciation by
responding with things like that's not
how you pronounce bumfuzzled or
caddywhompus that way Siri will learn
how to say stuff correctly hey I think
I've been too bumfuzzled once if you're
struggling with your phone signal in a
remote area turn airplane mode off and
on again this will help your gadget
locate the nearest available tower phone
brightness can drain your battery faster
to conserve it switch your background to
a plain black photo when a pixel is
black it doesn't produce any light
although this only works if you have an
AMOLED screen not an LCD one another way
to save battery is to check which apps
are running in the background you can
see which ones drain your phone by
examining the battery usage in your
settings
store your earphones air pods and
charger in your sunglasses case to avoid
losing them while traveling avoid the
limited storage space notification by
programming your phone to automatically
delete messages after a certain amount
of time
for you night owls who struggled to get
up in the morning place your phone in a
cup to amplify its sound then set your
alarm and place the cup on your dresser
the loud noise will force you to get up
and turn it off all smartphones have the
Find My Phone tool in their system you
can access it through another device
when you lose your gadget your phone
will make sounds at maximum volume even
if it's on silent you can only turn it
off with your unique ID once or twice a
year let your phone battery drain
completely it'll make the percentage
count on your battery more accurate if
your TV remote has disappeared or run
out of batteries you can replace it with
your phone and navigate your TV with it
you can also use your gadget as a remote
wireless mouse and keyboard for your
computer when you want to watch a movie
on your phone during a flight pick up
one of those ziplock bags for liquids at
the airport place your phone inside it
then hook the bag onto the table locking
mechanism or you can use your glasses
instead the folded arms of your glasses
should support your phone perfectly
don't waste your data watching movies or
reading articles download the content
beforehand and enjoy it without internet
access which reminds me to avoid being
bombarded with ads while playing games
turn off your internet or put your phone
in airplane mode this will also block
distracting phone calls speaking of
which
ask your phone to remind you to call
someone back when you're busy playing
games during the phone call
select the remind me later option and
your phone will do the rest when you see
an unknown plan you can snap photos of
it and your phone will identify it for
you there are apps like google lens that
will give you the name of anything
you're looking at both Apple and Android
devices give you the option to store
your deleted photos for fifteen to
thirty days in case you change your mind
if you've accidentally typed in an extra
digit on your iPhone's calculator you
can remove it by swiping left or right
at the top you can also use your phone
camera as a digital measuring tape it
can calculate the dimensions of a coffee
table or the height of your door use
your volume button or your earphones to
snap selfies some smart phones allow you
to use voice commands to open the camera
and others start taking photos when you
give them the codewords ok Google when
texting on your iPhone press and hold
the spacebar to move your cursor instead
of dragging it with your finger well I'm
on the subject if you've accidentally
deleted something you typed on your
iPhone shake your gadget to undo it some
Android phones allow you to take
screenshots by swiping the edge of your
hand across a screen but first you need
to enable the palm motion feature
using touchscreen gloves means you have
to manually unlock your phone by typing
your passcode to avoid this add your
nose as an additional fingerprint if you
can't type with both hands on a large
phone screen unable the one-handed
keyboard option in your settings this
will narrow down your keyboard size and
move it to the side of your screen keep
an extra $20 or $50 bill tacked in your
phone case as a backup in case you lose
or forget your wallet or just give it to
me I'll watch it for you
when there's a power outage you can turn
your phone into a lantern by turning on
your flashlight and placing a plastic
water bottle on top of it prevent people
who aren't in your contact list from
calling you by switching on the silent
unknown callers option on your iPhone
save some time when typing a web address
in Safari by holding down the period key
on your keyboard this will bring up all
the URL endings
starting with com if you don't have
internet access at home use your phone
as a Wi-Fi hotspot to surf both on your
laptop and tablet you don't need an app
to scan QR codes your phone's camera
does it automatically then takes you to
the product or a website you're looking
for don't close your apps one by one on
your iPhone swipe with three fingers at
once to close several of them at a time
for Android users swipe up in the middle
of your screen then swipe from left to
right and on the far left press clear
all
[Music]
use the negative side of a battery as an
alternative stylus to navigate your
screen or you can wrap your fingers in
some aluminium foil if you're wearing
gloves turn your camera lens into a
magnifying glass by putting a drop of
water on it prevent people from touching
your phone by downloading alarm apps
that go crazy when they sense motion or
use that electroshock app to zap them
sorry
made that one up you can ease drop on
people's conversations using your ear
pods leave your phone in the area you
want to spy on and switch on that live
listen to function then walk away with
your ear pods in your pocket you little
spy you